what's happening y'all about to do
another reaction video it looks like I
got a link from slide magma it's
entitled new cool found-footage alien
sci-fi trailer so it's pretty cool
looking do a reaction to it it's not
fucking don't tell me what do I do it I
feel like I got it it says it's called
earth to echo they say what you gonna
send me brother let's see what she
doesn't sent me footage I'm getting a
little tired you found footage our whole
lives we've been nobodies invisible the
good kids a little better did you see
that subnet we don't know where those
some rowdy dish it's 20 miles away in
that one or not we're not gonna go Jim
was gonna be you of not stop don't tell
anyone
lunch don't you bail out on this no I'll
go but only under one condition
I never understood for people like the
outdoors should what if that is the
meckel's first of all havin all white
kids doing this
would you see that just now nope
nice what that's what we should call it
this is amazing it's an amazing cuz I
think it's carries the balls from space
do you eat humans are you trying to get
home what are you sorry you guys for the
government do you think they are
looking for us for all this to happen
and something's gonna go crazy game it's
me
I see
or lease god that doesn't look pretty
good man those like the day little thing
got some powers over a metal like he can
just wait wait y'all see the Optimus
Prime park
I thought Optimus is gonna transform and
save them I've come to help this
sentient being I am Optimus Prime